My name is Petr Muzny.
I studied law
in different universities in Europe
—in France, England, Czech Republic—
and eventually I had my PhD,
which I defended in 2004.
I had become a Doctor of Law.
I was born
in former Czechoslovakia,
under the Communist regime,
where religion or religious beliefs
were not promoted.
And also the thought of God
being a Creator of the universe
was considered as nonsense.
Concerning evolution,
I was, I would say,
merely following
the mainstream thinking.
But I came to realize
that we should really question
things that are around us,
all the theories
and explanations that are given.
But we shouldn’t take as granted
all that we hear,
and especially when somebody
says that this thing is obvious,
or evident, so just don’t question.
Obey, or listen to it.
I’m now a specialist in law
and in logic
—human thinking—
and there is one basic principle
which pervades the whole universe.
It’s the principle
of cause and effect.
So every effect around us
must have a cause.
You walk in a forest, and there,
right in the middle of the forest,
you see a bench.
The bench is the effect.
What is the cause?
Is this accidental or deliberate?
Somebody must have made it,
because the principle is:
Something designed
must have a designer.
For me, when I see such diversity
of flowers, of trees, of butterflies,
I come to the conclusion:
The One who put
that law of diversity
was there to tell us,
‘Please, enjoy life.’
Because life is beautiful,
somebody who created it must be
somebody having beautiful qualities.
Thanks to the study of the Bible,
I could put a picture,
a face
—symbolically speaking—
to the One who created life.